journals/matthew_lee.md, before:

## December 04, 2023

Today and all last week, I worked on the merchandise frontend.

There were features we didn't account for when planning out the merchandise. We needed to be able to add multiple sizes (like sizes of t-shirts) of one item of varying quantities to the item detail. It's difficult to account for everything at the start of a project.

Working with frontend this past week definitely improved my understanding of it.

## November 22, 2023

Today I worked on the frontend portion of merchandise.

Earlier in the week, I finished up all of the endpoints for merchandise. This includes, GET all, GET one, DELETE, POST, and PUT.
I also started on Customer endpoints.

We overlooked the endpoints required to get the search bar for our app to work, so we had to decide on how to handle that. I imagine this will happen a few more times during this project. It's difficult to think of absolutely everything we would need to get things running in the beginning.

I've been learning a lot of useful tools in VSCode, specifically the replace all feature. It helped a lot when we had to change the name of one of our objects.

## November 17, 2023

Today, I worked on the backend endpoints for the merchandise section of Mist Music. Specifically GET and POST.

Earlier in the week, the rest of the team and I set up all the "create tables" for the project. This includes: Users, Merchandise, Songs, and Albums.

After getting feedback, we decided to forego Spotify and Soundcloud APIs in favor of a html audio player. This will make things a bit more smooth if we get to our stretch goal of allowing users to upload songs on our site.

I did not understand how to setup the backend on FastAPI at the start of this, but as we work on them, it's starting to make sense.

Commit message:

Trying to fix Brandon's missing nodes issue

journals/matthew_lee.md, after:

## December 05, 2023
Putting something here to merge for Brandon's issue

## December 04, 2023

Today and all last week, I worked on the merchandise frontend.

There were features we didn't account for when planning out the merchandise. We needed to be able to add multiple sizes (like sizes of t-shirts) of one item of varying quantities to the item detail. It's difficult to account for everything at the start of a project.

Working with frontend this past week definitely improved my understanding of it.

## November 22, 2023

Today I worked on the frontend portion of merchandise.

Earlier in the week, I finished up all of the endpoints for merchandise. This includes, GET all, GET one, DELETE, POST, and PUT.
I also started on Customer endpoints.

We overlooked the endpoints required to get the search bar for our app to work, so we had to decide on how to handle that. I imagine this will happen a few more times during this project. It's difficult to think of absolutely everything we would need to get things running in the beginning.

I've been learning a lot of useful tools in VSCode, specifically the replace all feature. It helped a lot when we had to change the name of one of our objects.

## November 17, 2023

Today, I worked on the backend endpoints for the merchandise section of Mist Music. Specifically GET and POST.

Earlier in the week, the rest of the team and I set up all the "create tables" for the project. This includes: Users, Merchandise, Songs, and Albums.

After getting feedback, we decided to forego Spotify and Soundcloud APIs in favor of a html audio player. This will make things a bit more smooth if we get to our stretch goal of allowing users to upload songs on our site.

I did not understand how to setup the backend on FastAPI at the start of this, but as we work on them, it's starting to make sense.
